well man's best friend can be anything
but for Canada Post workers hundreds of
dog attacks are reported every year end
this past Tuesday a local letter carrier
was the target attacked by a dog loose
on the street Kelsie Bloxom has the
story letter carriers are no stranger to
the sound of barking dogs and the sad
reality is roughly 500 carriers are
attacked by dogs each year these attacks
are are disturbing
obviously they result in physical and
sometimes emotional injuries as well
we've had carriers who been off work for
a long time as a result of a dog summer
fearful dog for the rest of their life
on Tuesday a letter carrier like this
one was attacked along 46th Avenue
ending up in the hospital needing
several stitches we had to call the
police to help get the dog away the the
carrier went to and other residents to
take some shelter and then the police
were called to come in and help out
incidences like this one happen more
often in the spring and summer after
dogs have been cooped up during the
winter months and with kids out playing
fences can be left open dogs are very
territorial I mean that's what they do
we're not blaming the dogs in these
instances but it's it's the pet owners
have to be aware that people are in
their neighborhoods visiting their
premises to do their job and we were
just requested dogs be kept out of the
way owning a dog is a is a
responsibility it's not a right and when
you're a dog owner you have the
responsibility to keep the community the
people in our community and you know
their property safe and that did not
happen in this case the SPCA has a bite
prevention program educating owners and
their pets but Zimmerman says more can
be done you know the reality is too we
need to update our animal control bylaws
there needs to be a vicious dog part to
our Animal Control bylaw that has some
teeth in it so that
have to take responsibility for the
actions of their pets as for the carrier
attacked earlier this week she has yet
to return back on the job
Kelsey Bloxom new cap news